Update _index.md (#61662)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/troubleshooting/_index.md

For more information, refer to [Enable debug logging in Grafana CLI]({{< relref "../cli/#enable-debug-logging" >}}) and the [log section in Configuration]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#log" >}}).

## Troubleshoot with Dashboards Panels

> If you have an issue with your Dashboard panel, then simply send us the debug information using the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an issue with your Dashboard panel, you can send us debug information. For more information, refer to [Send a panel to Grafana Labs support]({{< relref "./send-panel-to-grafana-support/" >}}).
```

> Open the dropdown menu by clicking on your panel title -> Hover mouse to **More** -> Then select **Get Help**
> 
> Then it will open a new page and ask you to send the snapshot data. You can simply click the button **Dashobard** to Download it and then send it for debugging. Also if you have any sensitive data then you can use the **Randomize data** option which will hide the original data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
